<span style = "font-family:Nunito">

# Assignment 2.1
#### Name: Adersh Varshnei
#### Enrollment No: A2305220129
---
*Q1.*
When thinking about artificial intelligence, many people think about a world ruled or served by robots, with robots fulfilling our needs. However, we already interact with AI on a daily basis. It is only hidden from our sight, so we do not actually realise that it is a computer we are interacting with. The AI simulates some human intelligence, which is the goal of AI's existence.

Basically speaking, AI makes machines seem like they possess intelligence. First coined in 1956 by Dartmouth professor John McCarthy, he and some other researchers wanted to see if machines could learn and improve themselves in a human like manner.

Mostly being restricted to a laboratory or classroom setting, AI has had a large uptick in recent times. This is due to exponentially more data being generated by the increasingly digital world, and increasing processor speeds allowing computers to process the data faster and more efficiently.

AI can manifest itself in bots. They do only what they are programmed to do and Natural Language Processing makes them more sophisticated.

Machine learning is an exciting subset of AI and is not susceptible to human limitations like needs for sleep and memory loss. Rather than algorithms being used to solve problems, ML creates the algorithms used to solve the problems, over time, refining the algorithm and growing "smarter".

AI and ML, rather than taking over the job of a person, will rather collaborate with people to allow them to work at their best possible capabilities.

---
*Q2.*
Machine Learning has wide applications and is even a part of life including Google Maps, Google Assistant, Alexa, etc.

Some trending scenarios where ML is deployed are:
1. Image Recognition
2. Speech Recognition
3. Traffic Prediction
4. Product Recommendations
5. Self Driving Cars
6. Email and Spam Filter
7. Virtual Personal Assistant
8. Online Fraud Detection
9. Stock Market Prediction
10. Medical Diagnosis

Artificial Intelligence is a very large branch of computer science and has several large fields under it:
1. Machine Learning
2. Deep Learning
3. Neural Networks
4. Cognitive Computing
5. Natural Language Processing
6. Computer Vision

Artificial Intelligence is has such vast potential in fact that in the following years, it is predicted to perform the corresponding activities:

|Year|Activity|
|---|---|
|2024|Better translation than humans|
|2049|Writing best-selling books|
|2053|Surgeries|

---

</span>
